cv.md, before:

# Siarhei Rudenka

Frontend Developer

## Contacts
- **Location:** Slutsk, Belarus
- **GitHub:** https://github.com/SiarheiSR
- **Discord:** SSR(@SiarheiSR)
- **Email:** RSS.FE.SSR@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** 
- **Phone:** +375 

## English

A2

## About Me

I want to become a software engineer. I’m a calm and hardworking person.
I’m also an introvert and I prefer to stay at home and code.

## Skills
- **HTML, CSS (SASS/SCSS, BEM)**
- JavaScript (basic)
- GULP
- Git / GitHub
- Chrome DevTools
- Figma

## Code Examples

function showTime() {
	time.textContent = getCurrentTime();
	date.textContent = getCurrentDate();
	greeting.textContent = `Good ${timeOfDay[0].toUpperCase() + timeOfDay.slice(1)},`;
	setTimeout(showTime, 1000);
}

## Experience

production of cabinet / built-in furniture from laminated chipboard

## Education

- Rolling Scopes School Frontend Cource

- Electronic Equipment Engineer in

	Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics (BSUIR)
	(1997-2002)

Commit message:

docs: add LinkedIn link to cv.md

cv.md, after:

# Siarhei Rudenka

Frontend Developer

## Contacts
- **Location:** Slutsk, Belarus
- **GitHub:** https://github.com/SiarheiSR
- **Discord:** SSR(@SiarheiSR)
- **Email:** RSS.FE.SSR@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** www.linkedin.com/in/siarhei-rudenka-287448291
- **Phone:** +375 

## English

A2

## About Me

I want to become a software engineer. I’m a calm and hardworking person.
I’m also an introvert and I prefer to stay at home and code.

## Skills
- **HTML, CSS (SASS/SCSS, BEM)**
- JavaScript (basic)
- GULP
- Git / GitHub
- Chrome DevTools
- Figma

## Code Examples

function showTime() {
	time.textContent = getCurrentTime();
	date.textContent = getCurrentDate();
	greeting.textContent = `Good ${timeOfDay[0].toUpperCase() + timeOfDay.slice(1)},`;
	setTimeout(showTime, 1000);
}

## Experience

production of cabinet / built-in furniture from laminated chipboard

## Education

- Rolling Scopes School Frontend Cource

- Electronic Equipment Engineer in

	Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics (BSUIR)
	(1997-2002)
